fix!: avoid binary file corruption in fetch action (#23289)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/eighty-suits-admire.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-node': minor
---

> **BREAKING** Fixed file corruption for non utf-8 data in fetch contents

Reviewer: This isn't a breaking change right? It's going to just write the buffer as is?

Reviewer 2: Agreed, we overlapped in the review - i made a suggestion and committed it, see if you like it

Reviewer 2: @RedlineTriad if you find all this behavior strange, it's just because there's a release coming up today and i thought that maybe we could get it through asap for that :)

Author: I thought I should err on the safe side, because if someone somehow relies on it being converted to utf-8 it might break that behaviour, find with changing it though.

> '@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-node': minor
> ---
> 
> **BREAKING** Fixed file corruption for non utf-8 data in fetch contents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-node': patch
---

Fixed file corruption for non UTF-8 data in fetch contents
```
